What do you do to get rid of stress?
What is something you are obsessed with?
What would be your perfect weekend?
What’s the most useful thing you own?
What’s your favorite way to waste time?
Where did you go last weekend? What did you do?
What are you going to do this weekend?
What is something that is popular now that annoys you?
What did you do on your last vacation?
When was the last time you worked incredibly hard?
Are you very active of do you prefer to just relax in your free time?
What do you do when you hang out with your friends?
What’s the best / worst thing about your work / school?
If you had intro music, what song would it be? Why?
What were you really into when you were a kid?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what animal would you choose? Why?
Have you ever saved an animal’s life?
If you opened a business, what kind of business would it be?
Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)?
Have you ever spoken in front of a large group of people? How did it go?
What is the strangest dream you have ever had?
Who in your life brings you the most joy?
What is the most annoying habit someone can have?
Where is the most beautiful place you have been?
Where do you spend most of your free time / day?
How often do you stay up past 3 a.m.?
What’s your favorite season? Why?
Which is more important, a great car or a great house? Why?
What animal or insect do you wish humans could eradicate?
Where is the most beautiful place near where you live?
Where and when was the most amazing sunset you have ever seen?
Which recent news story is the most interesting?
Where is the worst place you have been stuck for a long time?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What benefit do you bring to the group when you hang out with friends?
What trends did you follow when you were younger?
What do you fear is hiding in the dark?
What do you think will be the best time period of your entire life?
What do you do to improve your mood when you are in a bad mood?
What is the best room in your house? Why?
Who is someone who is popular now that you really like? Why do you like them so much?
Where is the best place to take a date?
What smell brings back great memories?
What are you best at?
What makes you nervous?
Who would be the worst person to be stuck in an elevator with? 
Who would be the best person to be stuck in an elevator with?
What’s the funniest TV series you have seen? Why?
Which TV show do you want your life to be like?
If you could bring back one TV show that was cancelled, which one would you bring back?
How have TV shows changed over the years?
What’s the best sitcom past or present? Why?
What’s the best show currently on TV? Why?
What do you think about game shows? Do you have a favorite one?
What’s the most underrated or overrated TV show? Why?
What do you think about reality TV? Why is it so popular?
Do you like reality TV shows? Why or why not? If so, which ones?
What will be the future of TV shows?
What was the best birthday wish or gift you’ve ever received?
How often do you binge watch shows?
What cartoons did you watch as a child?
What's your favorite food? Why?
How do you spend your free time?
Tell me about a favorite event of your childhood.
What are your hobbies?
What country are you from?
What do you do on Sundays?
What do you like to do in your free time?
What kind of food do you like?
What kind of people do you like?
What kind of people do you not like?
What languages do you speak?
What's something you do well?
When did you start to study English?
Where are you from?
Where do you live?
Which sports do you like?
Would you like to be famous? Why?
Which do you prefer, sunrises or sunsets? Why?
What is the best memory of the Netherlands that you will take back home with you?